[mgmt] connectedvmware release (#27277)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/connectedvmware/arm-connectedvmware/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History
    

> ## 1.0.0 (2023-09-28)

Reviewer: update the date

> The package of @azure/arm-connectedvmware is using our next generation design principles. To learn more, please refer to our documentation [Quick Start](https://aka.ms/js-track2-quickstart).

Author: ```suggestion
The package of @azure/arm-connectedvmware is using our next generation design principles. To learn more, please refer to our documentation [Quick Start](https://aka.ms/azsdk/js/mgmt/quickstart).
```
